**xk6** `v0.15.0` is here! 🎉
 
This release includes:
  * Release Docker images using GoReleaser
  * Refactor GitHub workflows
  * Prepare for contributions

## New Features

### Use GoReleaser to release docker images [#145](https://github.com/grafana/xk6/issues/145)

The well-known [GoReleaser](https://github.com/goreleaser/goreleaser) tool is already used for releasing xk6 binary. Docker images are now also released with GoReleaser.

In addition to simplifying the release workflow, the main benefit is that Docker images are now available with major and minor version tags.

For example, let's say `1.2.3` is the latest xk6 Docker image version.
- the latest release of major version `1` is available using the `v1` tag:
  ```bash
  docker run --rm -it -u "$(id -u):$(id -g)" -v "${PWD}:/xk6" grafana/xk6:v1
  ```
- the latest release of minor version `1.2` is available using the `v1.2` tag:
  ```bash
  docker run --rm -it -u "$(id -u):$(id -g)" -v "${PWD}:/xk6" grafana/xk6:v1.2
  ```
- of course version `1.2.3` is still available using the `v1.2.3` tag:
  ```bash
  docker run --rm -it -u "$(id -u):$(id -g)" -v "${PWD}:/xk6" grafana/xk6:v1.2.3
  ```
- the latest release is still available using the `latest` tag:
  ```bash
  docker run --rm -it -u "$(id -u):$(id -g)" -v "${PWD}:/xk6" grafana/xk6:latest
  ```

> [!IMPORTANT]
> In CI pipelines it is recommended to use the major version tag (or the minor version tag) instead of the latest tag. Using the `latest` tag ignores the benefits of semantic versioning and can easily break the CI pipeline.

### Refactor GitHub workflows [#152](https://github.com/grafana/xk6/issues/152)

New `validate` and `release` workflows, whose functionality has been extracted into the `tooling-validate` and `tooling-release` reusable workflows.

The new workflows must be configured via mandatory repository variables:

- `GO_VERSION` The go version to use for the build.
- `GO_VERSIONS` The go versions to use for running the tests. JSON string array (e.g. `["1.24.x", "1.23.x"]`)
- `PLATFORMS` Platforms to be used to run the tests. JSON string array (e.g. `["ubuntu-latest","macos-latest"]`)
- `K6_VERSIONS` The k6 versions to be used for integration tests. JSON string array (e.g. `["v0.57.0","v0.56.0"]`)
- `GOLANGCI_LINT_VERSION` The golangci-lint version to use for static analysis.
- `GORELEASER_VERSION` The version of GoReleaser to use for builds and releases.

The new workflows use the following repository secrets:

- `DOCKER_USER` Username to use for pushing Docker images to Docker Hub.
- `DOCKER_PASS` Token to use for pushing Docker images to Docker Hub.
- `CODECOV_TOKEN` Token to be used to upload test coverage data to Codecov.

### Prepare for contributions [#148](https://github.com/grafana/xk6/issues/148)

Making it easy to contribute is essential for an open-source project like xk6. The easier it is to contribute, the more contributors will contribute.

- Added `docs/CONTRIBUTING.md`. Making it easy to contribute starts with documenting the contribution process.
- `Makefile` is now generated from `CONTRIBUTING.md`. `make` is one of the most widely used task automation tools. Instead of manually editing make rules, it is better to generate them from the task descriptions documented in `CONTRIBUTING.md` (see `docs/CONTRIBUTING.md` for more details).
- Added `docs/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md`. Since contributors come from different backgrounds, it is essential to document the expected standards of behavior.
- [Dev Containers](https://containers.dev/) support. Since development requires different tools, a reproducible development environment is important. The tools used for development (with exactly the same version) should be available to contributors. That is why a [Dev Containers](https://containers.dev/) configuration (`.devcontainer/devcontainer.json`) was added to the repository (see `docs/CONTRIBUTING.md` for more details).

## Risks

The following changes are not breaking changes but are risky.

### fixuid has been copied to the xk6 repo

The [fixuid](github.com/boxboat/fixuid) tool was used by the xk6 Docker image to modify the user id and group id at runtime in order to make using the Docker image more convenient.

It was copied based on the following considerations:
- The fixuid is a **security-critical** component of the Docker image
- The fixuid has a **low release frequency** (last release in **2023**).
- Using fixuid in the xk6 Docker image is **unnecessarily complicated** (config file generation)

The source of the `fixuid` tool has been copied as an internal `fixids` tool to the `internal/fixids` folder. A minor refactoring has been done for easier usability. The refactor affected parameter/configuration management, not functionality.

**This refactor is worth mentioning because of its risk.** That's why this release is made from only the changes to the Docker image release.
