**xk6** `v0.20.0` is here!
 
This release includes the following subcommands as [early access](#early-access):
  - `new` subcommand
  - `adjust` subcommand

## New features

### `new` subcommand [#182](https://github.com/grafana/xk6/issues/182)

Create and initialize a new k6 extension using one of the predefined templates.

The go module path of the new extension must be passed as an argument.

An optional extension description can be specified as a flag.
The default description is generated from the go module path as follows:
- remote git URL is generated from the go module path
- the description is retrieved from the remote repository manager

An optional go package name can be specified as a flag.
The default go package name is generated from the go module path as follows:
- the last element of the go module path is kept
- the `xk6-output-` and `xk6-` prefixes are removed
- the `-` characters are replaced with `_` characters

A JavaScript type k6 extension will be generated by default.
The extension type can be optionally specified as a flag.

The `grafana/xk6-example` and `grafana/xk6-output-example` GitHub repositories are used as sources for generation.

### `adjust` subcommand

This command will make the necessary adjustments after forking the example repository.

- The go module path and package name will be set
- The JavaScript import path will be set
- The example scripts will be adjusted to the new import path
- The extension will be ready to build and test

This is an internal (hidden) command designed to be run as a Dev Container lifecycle script.

---

### Early Access

Early access functionality is included in the `xk6` executable, which can be activated by setting the `XK6_EARLY_ACCESS` environment variable to `true`. The early access executable (`xk6ea`) is still available in the release.
