**xk6** `v0.20.0` is here! 🎉
 
This release includes:
  * Release Docker images using GoReleaser

## New Features

### Use GoReleaser to release docker images [#145](https://github.com/grafana/xk6/issues/145)

The well-known [GoReleaser](https://github.com/goreleaser/goreleaser) tool is already used for releasing xk6 binary. Docker images are now also released with GoReleaser.

In addition to simplifying the release workflow, the main benefit is that Docker images are now available with major and minor version tags.

For example, let's say `1.2.3` is the latest xk6 Docker image version.
- the latest release of major version `1` is available using the `v1` tag:
  ```bash
  docker run --rm -it -u "$(id -u):$(id -g)" -v "${PWD}:/xk6" grafana/xk6@v1
  ```
- the latest release of minor version `1.2` is available using the `v1.2` tag:
  ```bash
  docker run --rm -it -u "$(id -u):$(id -g)" -v "${PWD}:/xk6" grafana/xk6@v1.2
  ```
- of course version `1.2.3` is still available using the `v1.2.3` tag:
  ```bash
  docker run --rm -it -u "$(id -u):$(id -g)" -v "${PWD}:/xk6" grafana/xk6@v1.2.3
  ```
- the latest release is still available using the `latest` tag:
  ```bash
  docker run --rm -it -u "$(id -u):$(id -g)" -v "${PWD}:/xk6" grafana/xk6@latest
  ```

> [!IMPORTANT]
> In CI pipelines it is recommended to use the major version tag (or the minor version tag) instead of the latest tag. Using the `latest` tag ignores the benefits of semantic versioning and can easily break the CI pipeline.

## Risks

The following changes are not breaking changes but are risky.

### fixuid has been copied to the xk6 repo

The [fixuid](github.com/boxboat/fixuid) tool was used by the xk6 Docker image to modify the user id and group id at runtime in order to make using the Docker image more convenient.

It was copied based on the following considerations:
- The fixuid is a **security-critical** component of the Docker image
- The fixuid has a **low release frequency** (last release in **2023**).
- Using fixuid in the xk6 Docker image is **unnecessarily complicated** (config file generation)

The source of the `fixuid` tool has been copied as an internal `fixids` tool to the `internal/fixids` folder. A minor refactoring has been done for easier usability. The refactor affected parameter/configuration management, not functionality.

**This refactor is worth mentioning because of its risk.** That's why this release is made from only the changes to the Docker image release.